Meeting#1

Date: April, 18th, 2015

Time: 2:00 PM - 3:30 PM

Location: Fab 88-08 Conference Room

Duration: 60-90 mins

Requested Attendees: All team members
Actual Attendees: Parker Berger, Levi Schoen, Laura DeWitt, Brandon Isom, Raven Allan, Joseph Stewart, Brady Sullivan 

Agenda

  Item 1 -Introductions (Time: 20 minutes )
	Owner: Everyone
	Outcome: All attendees made known their desired outcome from this course, and introduced themselves. To recap the important points

	Levi Schoen
		Looking to gain skills being a team leader, working with a large team to build a product from scratch to production.
		Skilled in Ruby on Rails, cloud based deployments, and Javascript Front end frameworks(Angular)

	Joseph Stewart
		Looking to gain industry skills.
		Skilled in Java and C++.

	Brady Sullivan
		Looking to gain skills in working with a group and managing a project.
		Skilled in PHP, Linux, C++ and Java.

	Laura DeWitt
		Looking to gain a cool project for resume/portfolio.
		Skilled in ASP.net , C#, MVC, SQL server.

	Brandon Isom
		Looking to gain a complete project that he can be proud of and share.
		Skilled in C#, ASP.net.

	Parker Berger
		Looking to gain connections with businesses
		Skilled in graphic design, C++ and Java.

	Raven Allan
		Looking to gain new skills in software engineering and languages.
		Skilled in Backend, PHP

	What is your name?
	What do you hope to get out of the capstone project besides an A?
	What are you areas of technical skill/proficiency? 

  Item 2- Review Team Contract (Time: 45 minutes ) 
	Owner: Levi
	Outcome: Consensus reached on a team contract for the duration of the capstone course.

  Item 3(optional)- Review (Time: 0-25 minutes)
	Owner: Levi
	Outcome:
		Basic git flow explained. SourceTree software introduced.

	Software Version Control Rules

	Agile Practices

	Pivotal Tracker

	SourceTree
	
Action Items:

	Item    			Owner    When

Transcribe Minutes			Levi	Saturday
Meeting Template for group scribe	Raven   Monday
Sign team contract			Everyone Friday(24th)
	
Additional Discussion Items:

	None.





